net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/FightPotions.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.FightPotions
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/FreeWorldVorkathPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.FreeWorldVorkathPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.FreeWorldVorkathPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/RangeWeapons.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.RangeWeapons
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/DuelingRing.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.DuelingRing
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/FreeWorldVorkathConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.FreeWorldVorkathConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/Teleportations.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.Teleportations
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/FremenikBoots.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.FremenikBoots
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/MainWeapons.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.MainWeapons
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/FreeWorldVorkathOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.FreeWorldVorkathOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/OffHandWeapons.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.OffHandWeapons
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/IdleNotifierPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.IdleNotifierPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.IdleNotifierPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/FreeWorldVorkathType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.FreeWorldVorkathType
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/SpecWeapons.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.SpecWeapons
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/Potions.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.Potions
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/Pools.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.Pools
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/FreeWorldVorkathState.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.FreeWorldVorkathState
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/ReflectBreakHandler.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.ReflectBreakHandler
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/PrayerRestoreType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.PrayerRestoreType
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/Food.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.Food
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/BankAreas.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.BankAreas
net/runelite/client/plugins/freeworldvorkath/CraftingCape.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.freeworldvorkath.CraftingCape
